[Music]
we're invited oh for God's sake come on
get the hell in here
well he actually sings in the showers oh
I do great clean our hands and wear hat
please you're just getting over a cold
Julie you wear hat to wear your sisters
I can't find them
uh-huh Julie where I took the entire
house they're not here dad there's this
RV
and they were playing on it there was
every thought there was someone inside
detective Loki of children tectus I'm
gonna find your daughters
show me your hands right now
you put those girls on my rocks I know
you put this person
he's losing custody until my daughters
found me we afforded our hold on it ends
tomorrow unless we bring charges
was something that boy has never been in
trouble not a day in his life
well this thing's clean I'd start
looking in the woods by the rest of the
police that they're letting him go today
day six and every day she's wondering
why I'm not there
you told us you could protect us from
everything why did you
Golic someone has to make him talk or
they're gonna die we're not gonna help
kill them but we won't stop them either
let him do what he needs to do I know
you know where they are
you